{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs21\fsmilli10909 \cf0 Dear Professors:\
\
This letter is in regards to the formal submission of my application for the xxxxxxxxxxxxxx currently open at txxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.\
\
I completed my doctorate in Mathematics at Purdue University in August 2007 under the direction of Prof. Bradley J. Lucier. Immediately following graduation I began a postdoctoral appointment as a Research Assistant Professor for the University of South Carolina. My research interests include both Analysis and Scientific Computing, specifically in the study and application of Approximation Theory. Recently, the subject of my dissertation (The Curvelet Transform\'97A Generalized Definition and Approximation Properties) has become popular and many questions remain open.\
\
I have a very ample experience in teaching: I have had the opportunity to fulfill various teaching assignments from basic recitation duties to my own independent classes (both at undergraduate and graduate levels).  A research statement, teaching philosophy, and a sample of my work over the last years are available at blancosilva.wordpress.com\
\
I am expecting to be granted permanent residency in the United States (ETA January/February 2011), and thus will be able to work for any employer later than the appointment of the green card.  Since the position that you advertise is to start in the second half of 2011, I took the liberty to list myself as "authorized to work in the US for any employer".\
\
I look forward to discussing the qualifications for the position further. I can be contacted at the address listed below, by e-mail at francisco.blanco.silva@gmail.com, or by phone at (803) 386-1822. Thank you for your consideration.}